United at the Astana player just two
points shy of the top three Bristol
Rovers visited the New York Stadium
having won two of their four games from
the John Ward since he came in in
December Davis
social football from brother
and Davis
it's a triple head
a yellow card for the man who's just
arrived at the football club from glory
to play under Steve Evans 20 town was
played and we're assuming there there
was a penalty according to our referee
mr. Webb Davis it is and he's only just
been Bertie is treading a very fine line
again doesn't seem to be sweet much in
the way of contact I have to say
so are you sandy Warrington
we sir August with the champs three
brown and he scores just before
half-time the Football League's bottom
Club lead at the New York Stadium
let's get away from his mom
he can't get away from Davis here he's
in some big trouble
a second yellow card and it equals red
it is a Debu to forget for Claude Davis
and we're not even at a halftime yet
significance at the bottom of your tape
this is and still all the way is a
superb so we'll go from Harrison quite
extraordinary and Bristol Rovers lead by
two girls Sanel and rather him getting
the better of Tom seem to get any speed
all over the place and what a finish
that is
I won six games all season Bristol
Rovers and look at this and the inset
x-ray simply sensational
smash though by a young set and the
redream land at the moment bristol
rovers here
ice already could say from it at home
today in Franklinton
this one Bristol Rovers today it's a
terrific finish though as who other and
get themselves walk back through noble
many time left to three minutes on the
clock
noble off the bench with an instant
impact
the run just gets better and better
under John Ward for Bristol Rovers 3-1
winners at promotion hopefuls Rotherham
United magnificent resort for that